c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\SingleSession.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\SingleSession.pdb
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\obj\Debug\SingleSession.dll
c:\users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\obj\Debug\SingleSession.pdb
C:\Users\lc42598\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSession\SingleSession\obj\Debug\SingleSession.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
